Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Mother!
Aren't I terrible?
I am.
Hey... Tinja. Stop!
Hey. No!
You're impossible!
I hope your everyday life
is as lovely as ours.
-Bye-bye!
Bye!
Let's chase it to the window.
All right.
-Yay!
-Matias. Matias.
Catch it!
No!
Tinja.
-Shall I take it outside?
-Bring it here.
Let me see.
-Be careful. There's glass on the floor.
-Let me see--
Matias. let's go see...
Please take it to the trash. dear.
Organic waste.
HATCHING
Come. come. come.
-Hi! I'm Reetta.
-Tinja. Hi.
We just moved in.
I mean. duh. I'm sure you can tell.
-May I pet it?
-Sure.
Naughty! Roosa!
You can't do that.
I'm sorry.
She's never bitten anyone.
-Did she hurt you?
-No. It was my fault.
Ah. ah. ah. ah
Alli's child
Sing it louder.
Mother. louder.
Ah. ah. ah. ah
Alli's-
Louder.
...child
A little baby bird
Ah. ah. ah. ah
Alli's child
A little baby bird
No father
No mother
No one to take care of you
No father
No mother
He's asleep.
-Is that the new introduction video?
-Yes.
It's still a bit unfinished.
LOVELY EVERYDAY LIFE
Hi. welcome to my blog
Lovely Everyday Life.
I'll show you the everyday life
of an ordinary Finnish family
and how lovely it can be.
I'm a woman
with two children and one man.
My lovely daughter Tinja.
a super gymnast.
will soon have her first competition.
I'm nervous
but incredibly proud of her.
What?
My toes weren't pointed.
They're like this.
They should be like this.
-I'll crop the video so they don't show.
-Okay.
-A new family moved in next door.
-That's nice.
-Have you met them?
-Yes. I mean. their daughter Reetta.
She invited me over tomorrow.
She has a really cute dog.
You said you were going to focus
on the competition.
-Or have you changed your plan?
-No. I'm focusing on it.
I'll help you.
Go already.
Good.
-You still didn't do the flip at the end.
-Yeah.
You're hesitating.
You've gotta trust yourself.
-I'm sorry.
-You don't have to apologize.
But I can't let you compete
if you can't do it.
-I can do it again.
-No more today.
Take it easy now. okay?
-Tinja. are you coming?
-I have to go for a run.
Don't go.
Why did you even ask?
She wouldn't come anyway.
Have fun!
Hi. This is Tero.
-Hi.
Why don't you get out
of your gymnastics clothes. sweetie.
-Hi.
-How was practice?
-Really good.
Good.
I have a surprise for you.
-I love it.
-You've gotta shine in the competition.
You saw us.
Sometimes adults have these...
special friends.
-But what about Dad?
-Well... Dad is Dad.
-You know what he's like.
-Yeah.
How about we keep this between us?
All right?
I'm going away for a couple of days.
But remember. this is between us girls.
Hi. It smells good in here.
Oh. my. it looks so beautiful here.
Mother! Mother!
We made waffles for you.
Yeah. Okay. that's enough.
Hey. Matias. that's enough.
Great. Now both of our clothes
are ruined.
-Did you have a nice business trip?
-Yes. it was lovely.
Hi.
-Well? What's up. Tinja?
-Nothing.
-Did Mother tell you about the trip?
-Yeah.
She said
it was a really good blog seminar.
That's nice.
-I bought a new one. Look.
-It's nice.
Okay.
-Good.
-Good job. Tinja.
You're getting there.
There's still one spot
in the competition.
And our last one.
What was your name?
Reetta.
-Hi!
-I can't believe this.
Okay. Reetta. go.
Yes. That was perfect.
Yes. Let's do it again.
Yes. And again.
And again.
All right. Tinja.
Let's do it one more time.
-I should lock up.
-We'll take care of it.
-Don't overdo it. Tinja.
-I'm okay.
Okay. let's do it one more time.
Good. That's it.
Tuck your pelvis in.
Straighten your back.
Symmetrical arms. no hunched back.
Remember your chin.
Good job. Tinja.
You know. I was thinking
of live streaming the competition.
Everything's okay.
I'll take care of you.
We had
a really authentic moment there.
People love them.
Hey...
May I confess something?
I think...
I'm in love.
I mean...
for so many years.
I've only given to people
and thought
that's what women have to do.
But this...
This is just...
Tero is the best thing
that's ever happened to me.
This is the first time in my life
I feel that I really love someone.
I have to see where it takes me.
-Do you understand?
-Yes. of course.
I knew you would.
Sweetie. I'll be away next weekend too.
Tinja.
Is everything okay?
What happened?
Tinja.
What happened? Are you okay?
A bird.
A bird came in.
I think it was wounded.
-What kind of bird was it?
-I don't know.
A really big one.
What are you doing in there?
-Go away!
-I have to pee.
-Go outside.
-I'm scared.
Ouch. Tinja!
Go away.
Ah. ah. ah. ah
Alli's child
Poor little orphan
Ah. ah. ah. ah
Alli's child
Poor little orphan
-What's that smell?
-Tinja is a shithead.
Matias. let's see what Tinja has to say.
What?
What are you...
So... you didn't let Matias use
the bathroom last night.
Tinja is a shithead.
We didn't come here
looking for conflict.
-Matias peed in his bed.
-Okay. I'll change the sheets.
-Tinja went outside last night.
-What?
-You did?
-No. Was there anything else?
I guess not. I mean...
Oh...
Yes. Right.
Yes. I see.
Let's go.
-Do you have a bird?
-No.
I mean. we might get one.
Why didn't you come today?
-Where?
-To practice.
I... I forgot.
She's so weird.
Do you want to walk home with me?
Then a terrible storm started.
The waves were this high.
They went like this.
It was unbelievable.
Can you help me post these?
-Roosa ran away last night.
-Oh.
I mean. oh. no.
MISSING: ROOSA
Hi. There you are.
Ta-dah.
What did you bring me?
Thanks. This is really nice.
-What did you bring me?
-Oh. honey. I didn't get you anything.
Your beautiful hair is so tangled.
Your hair has gotten so long.
Matias.
What on earth...
This is the neighbor's dog.
Tinja buried it.
-Where did you dig it up?
-Tinja killed it.
-Some animal mauled it.
-Tinja did it.
-Matias. stop lying.
-Go to your room.
Now!
Tinja. Tinja.
Tinja.
What happened?
Mother!
You can't do that! Understand?
Do you understand?
-Who are you talking to?
-Myself.
What...
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
-What's that smell?
-It's... It's the dog.
-What is this?
-I don't know.
Who did this? Matias?
-Tell me.
-No. it was an accident.
Mother. are you angry at me?
I thought the competition was
as important to you as it is to me.
I already told you no!
Did you say "Alli"?
Tinja.
Alli.
Are you cold?
Tinja.
Mother. Tinja is a monster!
You had another nightmare.
It wasn't a nightmare.
It's real.
Hi.
Look.
You're beautiful.
Thanks.
-Then Reetta. Tinja. spot her.
-I don't need a spotter.
That's it.
I'll go see my old classmates.
We haven't seen each other
in such a long time.
I miss them so much.
Did you find your dog already?
Oh. no.
-But. hey. you were really good.
-Thanks.
Would you also like to be
in the competition?
Yes. if I'm qualified.
That means Tinja has to practice
super hard if she wants to beat you.
Right. Tinja?
-Do you want a ride?
-No. I'll walk.
-I can take you home.
-I like walking. See you!
Mother.
Let's turn back.
Mother. let's turn back.
Tinja.
What's the matter with you?
Everything's okay.
I understand. I know.
I was also very nervous
before my skating competitions.
It was very stressful.
Do you know the best way
to get rid of the stress?
What?
Winning the competition.
Show everybody you're the best. right?
If you know you're going to win.
they'll know it too.
When you win.
you don't have to worry about anything.
I have an idea.
Being home is
clearly very stressful for you.
So why don't we spend the weekend
at Tero's?
What do you say?
Alli!
Here you go.
Have you lost weight?
You've gotten rid
of the last bits of baby fat.
When you're done eating. get ready.
We'll go to Tero's house. you and me.
Your mother is so strong-willed.
I've always respected
her knowing what she wants.
-It's easy being with someone like that.
-Yeah.
Tero is a good man.
I mean. person.
Isn't this lovely?
Oh. hi.
Nice to meet you.
I mean. we saw each other already.
But it's great you could come.
-You look identical.
-Mother has such a great style.
That's true.
Welcome and make yourself at home.
Isn't this a lovely house?
It's a bit of a fixer-upper. but...
Hi.
Do you want to see your room?
Let's go meet Helmi first.
Come. let's go.
Who do we have here?
Isn't she sweet?
A little princess.
You're so well-behaved and beautiful.
Tero is a widower.
Helmi's mother died in childbirth.
But you have us now. don't you?
Yeah.
Oh.
Everything's okay.
Move your hands into the shot.
That's it.
Do you really have to photograph
everything?
I might not want to show my house
to the whole world.
No one will know I took these here.
Look. I cropped you out.
Are you a sweet little princess?
Are you?
Here we go. Let's put this on you.
You're so cute in this lovely outfit.
Yes. you are.
Hi.
Yes?
Eat. by all means.
Yes.
Where?
-You like it?
-Yeah.
Oh. don't worry about it.
Look. What if I do like this?
-Oops.
-Yeah.
Oh. my gosh.
Helmi. let's show her our table manners.
Oops.
I see. I mean. that's terrible.
Reetta.
That's so awful.
with the competition coming and all.
But the most important thing
is that you don't let this affect you.
Why did you do that? Why?
Let me go. Alli!
Let me go!
What's on your mind?
I was just looking at the chair.
-It's nice.
-Yeah. I found it in a dumpster.
People don't treat their things well.
I like fixing them.
broken things like this.
Hey. Um...
I was going to give you these later.
but I'll give them to you now.
since the competition is coming and all.
Thank you.
This is a cartwheel.
This is an aerial cartwheel.
-Are you okay?
-Yes.
Wait. I'll do it again.
-I can do better.
-You don't have to do it now.
-It doesn't matter.
What do you mean?
Tinja. do you really like gymnastics?
-It's a good sport.
-Yes...
I guess it's important for your mother
that you do well in it.
Hey...
Do you want to see me do a cartwheel?
-What was that?
-I'll go change.
Is everything okay?
Tinja. open the door.
Tinja...
Why don't I call your mother now?
Tinja! Tinja!
Open the door!
Let go!
No! Stop!
Do you have anything to say?
I packed already.
I can leave when Mother comes or...
I can take the bus home if you want.
You'll never have to see me again.
No one's going anywhere now.
You must think I'm a horrible person.
You're not a horrible person.
I mean. you were a bit a moment ago.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
It's okay.
Apology accepted.
Maybe you've had a bit too much
to process lately.
-We'll talk about this with your mother.
-No. don't tell her.
Don't say anything to her.
I'll do anything.
Was that because of the competition?
No. I mean...
You can tell me.
Hi! Are you ready?
Let's check your poses.
and then we'll go.
I'll start filming
when you start stretching.
What happened to your hand?
I had an accident in the workshop.
Honey. I've told you to be careful
with your tools.
All right. let's go.
Remember to point your toes
like you showed me.
Cover your ears.
Hey. seriously.
Tinja. you can do better. Hey.
Tinja. it's only a question of focus.
I'm sorry. honey.
Did we wake you up?
Was Tinja too loud? Was she?
Who's Mother's darling baby? Who?
Who?
All right. Tinja. we gotta go.
Good luck!
Are you... Isn't Helmi coming?
No. Tero and Helmi will stay here.
-Helmi has to come with us.
-Tinja. we're in a hurry.
-We'll be late for the competition.
We need to talk.
Tinja. say bye to Helmi.
Bye bye. Helmi.
Please go sit in the audience.
Tinja.
Matias.
Alli. don't. Alli. don't.
Alli. don't.
You're last. Bring it.
Tinja.
-Does this hurt?
-No.
I don't think it's fractured.
Let's go.
Her wrist?
-Tero.
-Shut up.
Tero. what are you--
Do you understand
what your daughter has done?
Tinja?
When?
Now. A moment ago.
We just came from the competition.
Have you been drinking?
-Go to hell.
-Why are you talking like that?
I said we were at the competition.
I don't care where you were.
but you're not coming here.
-What?
-You only see yourself. huh?
Your daughter has
some serious problems.
and I want nothing to do with them.
Wait here.
Tero.
Where are you?
Mother.
I wished you would
at least let me be happy.
What are you doing home so early?
What?
-Well. Tinja insisted.
-What--
You lost.
It's good to have you home.
Go away.
No. Don't.
I want you to stop doing things.
Tinja.
What are you doing there?
Hi. everyone.
I just wanted to do an update
since my live broadcast ended
so dramatically.
Hi. everyone.
Tinja is doing well.
and we want to thank you.
every one of you.
for your loving messages and support
and for being so wonderful to us.
You're part of our family.
Hi. everyone.
I know I always say
how lovely everything is.
but an equally important part
of our everyday lives is failing.
Mother.
What?
I can be better. I can do it.
You smell.
Tinja.
What are you doing here?
Come. I need you.
Your hair looks terrible.
Look at yourself.
How can you be so disgusting?
Tinja. let go of me!
Tinja. Tinja. Let go!
Go away!
You hear me? Leave!
I don't want you!
No one wants you!
What...
What was that?
I... I hatched it.
Everything's its fault.
I just want it to go away.
Oh. baby.
Mother's sweet little girl.
Mother's darling.
Is everything okay?
There's someone here.
Don't ask what.
It looks like Tinja. but it's not Tinja.
Everything is its fault.
We'll take care of it.
and everything will be okay.
-It wasn't a nightmare.
-You're right. honey.
Keep an eye on Matias.
No!
Mother.
We got it.
What are you going to do?
You wanted to get rid of it. didn't you?
Yes. but...
I hatched it.
Everything will be okay.
No!
No. No. No. No.
Tinja.
Moth-er.